Introduction


What is ICONbet?

ICONbet is a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) that
hosts gaming DApps. ICONbet strives to utilize blockchain to
provide transparency, profit redistribution, and provably fair
gaming with its platform.


How are rewards split?

100% of ICONbet platform games go to the reward pool. 80% of third
party games go to the reward pool and 20% to partner developers.
The reward pool is then distributed as follows: 80% to staked TAP
holders, 10% to wager war and 10% to next day’s reward pool.


What is Auto-Bet?

Auto-bet allows users to place the same bet over and over again
without clicking any buttons. It is commonly used to “mine” as
many TAP tokens as possible. Please watch this fun instructional
video for DAOlette to see how auto-bet is used. Auto-bet is shown
starting around 50 seconds ("https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opejb6K7bIw")


How do I connect with the ICONbet community?

Telegram Community: https://t.me/ICONbet_official              
Twitter:"https://twitter.com/ICONbetOfficial" @ICONbetOfficial



TAP tokens


What is a TAP token?

TAP is an IRC2 token built on the ICON blockchain. There will be a
total of 625,000,000 TAP tokens minted. TAP represents ownership
in the ICONbet DAO. It can be used for voting on ICONbet decisions
and they earn rewards from DAO earnings.


Where can I get TAP tokens?

The only way to earn TAP tokens is by playing on the ICONbet
platform. The daily distribution of TAP tokens will be
proportional to each player&rsquo;s daily betting volume (in
ICX)&mdash;win or lose, the more you bet, the more TAP tokens you
will own. A total of 1,000,000 TAP tokens will be distributed
daily for the first 250 days. Starting on day 251, TAP mining will
reduced by 0.5% everyday until the daily release reaches 25,000
25,000 TAP tokens per day. From day 986 onward, 25,000 TAP tokens
will be mined each day and TAP tokens will be completely depleted
by day 3,225. The full formula for TAP token distribution can be
found in the Whitepaper.
  

How can I calculate dividends and TAP Token Distribution?

TAP Token Payout = Today's Total TAP Distribution x (My Wagers / Total Wagers)

Expected ICX Payout = 0.8 x Excess x My Staked TAP / Total Staked TAP

Wager War = 10% of Current Treasury Excess will be sent to top 10 players divided like below:
1st: 25%
2nd: 20%
3rd: 15%
4th: 10%
5th: 10%
6th: 6%
7th: 6%
8th: 3%
9th: 3%
10th 2%


How many TAP Tokens exist?

The maximum supply of TAP tokens is 625,000,000. 20% are held by
the founding team and 80% will be mined by players.



DAOblackjack FAQ
 

What are the rules for DAOblackjack?

DAOblackjack uses fairly standard blackjack rules: 
- 6-deck shoe

- Blackjack pays 6 to 5

- Insurance offered with 2 to 1 payout if Dealer shows an Ace

- Player can double on first two cards if they total 9, 10, or 11

- Dealer hits on soft 17

- No drawing to split aces (only draws one card to each new hand)

- No dealer peek for blackjack - Sorry! Not possible to do that
with a fully transparent blockchain dApp.

- Split to two hands
- No double after split


Can I play more than one hand at a time?

The game only supports one player at the table against the dealer,
but you can open multiple games. Three games seems to be a good
number, and you can have up to five.


I see a list of ‘Active Games’ What is that?

If you can’t complete a game for any reason it will appear under
Active Games and you can resume play by clicking on it. It will
open in a new browser tab.


I don’t know much about Blackjack. How can I start?

One great place to start learning about Blackjack, and many other
casino games is Wizard of Odds ("https://wizardofodds.com/games/blackjack/")


DAOdice FAQ


What is DAOdice?

DAOdice is a game involving two ten-sided dice. One die has
numbers 0 through 9, while the other die has numbers 0, 10, 20…90,
allowing for players to roll any number between 0 and 99. Players
adjust the range on which they would like to bet, then the odds of
winning and multiplier adjust accordingly. Users also have the
option to bet on side-bets: One ICON Symbol, Two ICON Symbols, and
Matching Digits.


How do I play DICE?

Please watch this fun instructional video:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sTEvyBs7fQ


Can I bet on more than one side bet?

This is not currently available.



DAOlette FAQ


What is DAOlette?

DAOlette is the first game built on the ICONbet platform. It is a
Roulette-style game. This game allows players to place bets on a
number, set of numbers, color, odd/even, or high/low.


What is “Slider Bet”?

ICONbet’s unique “Slider Bet” feature allows the player to also
place a bet on a set of numbers higher or lower than a selected
value. This is a unique feature that is not available in typical
brick-and-mortar casinos.


Can I bet on the bomb, or include the bomb in a set of numbers?

DAOlette does not allow placing bets on the bomb, or include the
bomb in a set of numbers to be bet on.


How do I play DAOlette?

Please watch this fun instructional video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opejb6K7bIw



Provably fair gaming


How is the game randomized?

When the game is initiated, the game smart contract generates a SHA3-256 hash
that determines the wheel’s angular displacement. The hashing seed
is a mix of the transaction hash, the block timestamp (source of
unpredictability), and an optional user-provided ‘lucky phrase’.
For a more detailed explanation, please refer to the Technical
Details section of the Whitepaper.


How do the transactions occur?

All ICONbet transactions are triggered by players or by four open
sourced smart contracts. Each contract supports a key function of
the ICONbet platform and enables it to be a DAO: TAP tokens and
holder addresses, TAP token rewards distribution, management of
the house treasury, and the ICX dividends distribution.

  
I want to see the codes, where can I find ICONbet Smart Contracts?

Please visit https://tracker.icon.foundation"
and search for the below smart contracts:
TAP Token Contract: cxc0b5b52c9f8b4251a47e91dda3bd61e5512cd782
Rewards Contract: cx3b9955d507ace8ac27080ed64948e89783a62ab1
Dividends Contract: cx75e584ffe40cf361b3daa00fa6593198d47505d5
Game Contract: cx1b97c1abfd001d5cd0b5a3f93f22cccfea77e34e